i have to fight for isaac i have to i
have to be able to look at
his picture and say uh i did everything
i could
for you to make sure that this this this
wrong is addressed
[Music]
so i was sitting having dinner with him
with isaac
we were singing nursery rhymes um then
the
huge explosion explosion hit
and um and i was thrown to the ground
um and um
and then isaac he he's um
[Music]
he was hit by in the chest with a piece
of glass
isaac was very very outgoing um opposite
of me in that regard he just loved to
talk to people
um he loved to make people laugh
a lot of these tragedies particularly
somewhere like the middle east
um people in the in the west tend to
think of it as
violence in them in places like this is
as inevitable and so we don't
think about the people behind the
tragedy
and we don't think about the fact that
you know there are 200 grieving mothers
just like me there so if i can
keep keep writing and reminding people
that there is
a human face behind this tragedy you
know that's something that i think is
is worthwhile
[Music]
you